Hello. My name is Senior Chief Celery Twitty. I've been in the Navy for
19 years. I am the senior listed leader here in San Jose, California
I work at the Naval Operational Support Center. My job consists of
taking care of sailors. That's what I like to do. I started out in
Akron, Ohio, as a reservist, and I did the reserve time for two years.
It was around 9 11, and I actually went active duty after that.
I spent some time in Akron, Ohio, from their Ingleside, Texas. Uh, Jacksonville,
Florida. Great Lakes. Illinois is back to boot camp, the
Bureau of Medicine Surgery in Falls Church. And now I'm here in California.
I am a single mother of six Children, five boys and one girl,
and I have one granddaughter.